Module 2: From Lead to Opportunity
==================================

## Practice Lab 3 – Enable Intelligence

Scenario
--------

One of the primary selling points of Dynamics 365 for Sales to World Wide
Importers (WWI) was the integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to make
sales data immediately actionable for their sales users. You are a functional
consultant configuring Dynamics 365 for Sales for World Wide Importers. You have
been tasked with enabling out of the box AI functionality so that users can use
tools such as the relationship assistant, productivity cards and email
intelligence. In this lab, you will enable sales intelligence, relationship
assistant, email engagement, and auto capture, relationship analytics,
predictive lead scoring, notes analysis, and connection insights.

**Important Note:** This lab will provide you with an actual Dynamics 365 tenant
and licenses for the Power platform applications you will be using in this
course. You will only be provided with one tenant for the practice labs in this
course. The settings and actions you take within this tenant do not roll-back or
reset. Whereas the virtual machine you are provided with does reset each time
you close the lab session. What’s more, Dynamics 365 is evolving all the time. The
instructions in this document may be different from what you experience in your
actual Dynamics 365 tenant. It is also possible to experience a delay of several
minutes before the virtual machine has network connectivity to begin the labs.


Exercise 1 - Acquire Tenant Information and Connect
---------------------------------------------------

Note: If you have already completed a practice recently, the virtual machine
might pickup where you left off and you will not need to login again.  In that
case you can skip ahead to exercise two and resume.

### Task 1 – Connect to the Power platform administration portal

1.  On Virtual machine MB200-Dynamics_Lab, sign in as Admin with the password
    Pa55w.rd if you are not already logged in.

2.  Outside the VM in the online lab interface click Files and choose D365
    Credentials. This will allocate an Office 365 tenant for you to use in these
    labs.  It will display the admin email and password for your tenant.  You
    should copy this information to notepad or similar for your reference.

3.  In MB200-Dynamics_Lab launch Microsoft Edge from the taskbar. By default,
    the browser opens Office 365. Use the O365 credentials you just acquired in
    the previous step to login.

4.  Navigate in the browser to the Power platform admin portal at
    [https://admin.Powerplatform.microsoft.com](https://nam06.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fadmin.Powerplatform.microsoft.com&data=02%7C01%7Cv-juya%40microsoft.com%7C4be5a28c6f1e41eefee808d687ae2dc7%7C72f988bf86f141af91ab2d7cd011db47%7C1%7C0%7C636845580068684293&sdata=cLrD%2FhTDb5sRbajtFR9RrztfyTDCo0xGS4k8FSxTaIc%3D&reserved=0)

Exercise 2 – Sales Intelligence
-------------------------------

### Task 1 – Review Personal Configuration

1.  Go to your **Dynamics 365 Sales Hub** application.

2.  Click on the **Site Map** button and click on the **…. More Options**
    button.

3.  Select **App Settings**.

4.  Scroll down to the **Sales Intelligence** group and select **Personal
    Configuration**.

5.  Examine what is available by default. You will only have Base Cards
    available by default.

### Task 2 – Enable Embedded Intelligence

In this task, you will enable Relationship Assistant, Email Engagement, and Auto
Capture.

1.  Click on the **Site Map** button.

2.  Scroll down to the **Sales Intelligence** group and select **System
    Configuration**.

3.  Select the **Relationship Assistant** tab. You will find that **Advanced
    Cards** are not enabled because you haven’t accepted the privacy notice.

4.  Select the **Overview** tab.

5.  Review and click **I Accept**. Wait until the **Configure** button of the
    **Relationship Assistant** comes to view.

6.  Click on the **Configure** button.

7.  You will be taken to the **Relationship Assistant** tab. Check the **Enable
    Enhanced Cards** checkbox.

8.  Expand the **Email Cards from Exchange** section.

9.  Examine the options available to you.

10. Collapse **Email Cards from Exchange** section.

11. Expand the **Relationship Analytics Cards** section.

12. Examine the options available to you and collapse it.

13. Expand the **Email Engagement Cards** section.

14. Examine the options available to you and collapse it.

15. Expand the **Productivity Cards** section.

16. Examine the options available to you and collapse it.

17. Expand the **Today Cards** section.

18. Examine the options available to and collapse it.

19. Click **Save**.

20. Select the Overview tab.

21. Go to the **Email Engagement** tile and click **Grant Permission**.

22. Click **Accept**.

23. Close the permission browser tab.

24. You will now have Relationship Assistant, Email Engagement, and Auto Capture
    enabled.

### Task 3 – Enable Dynamics 365 AI for Sales

In this task, you will enable Relationship Analytics, Predictive Lead Scoring,
Notes Analysis, and Connection Insights.

1.  Scroll down to the Dynamics 365 AI for Sales section and click **Get it
    Now**.

2.  Click **Continue**.

3.  The installation will start and can take up to 5 minutes.

4.  Click **Go to Configuration**.

5.  Enable **Email Engagement**.

6.  Enable **Notes Analysis**.

7.  Select the **Relationship Analytics** tab.

8.  Check the **Enable Relationship** checkbox and click Save.

9.  Select the **Connection Insights** tab.

10. Check the **Turn on Talking Points** checkbox, check the **Turn on Who Knows
    Whom** checkbox, and click **Save**.
